now we're going to add the chain notes
from the y-axis you can see those
grooves so it can be adjusted up and
down just in case you need to use one
please one and a half inch screws and
across dollars
believe these loose because you want to
adjust it up and down necessary this one
on the other side other chain mounts
second longer Allen it goes on the side
that has the stump use 1/2 inch screws
and crossed out
don't tighten them all the way here
so our potential amounts now we can
actually put the chain on we're gonna
chain on the y-axis I'm so I was putting
my bolts to this slot here and starting
the lips wind up on the eyeballs so we
can still adjust it back in get a hose
let's climb the hose clamp through the
chain chain through the eyeball then
you're gonna put it back into the pack
so the chain one now we're going to loop
the chain around these parts we're gonna
go over the idler sprocket and then
under okay now I'll take the other bolt
put that into this slot it start the
Turpin nut on the eyeball table loosely
and then go get a hose clamp and slide
the hose clamp through the eye of the
eye bolt on the I above tension as much
as you can and then tighten it tighten
it as much as you can with your hands
and then tighten the the worm drive of
the most fun now you can change using
the nuts in the back so tension in the
chain can be done with your hand and
then do the same thing on the other side
and also check if you got the drive
sprocket a little too close to the motor
like I did will need to adjust it
readjusting virus product you can get as
well the chain is armed so agreed
adjusts by itself that's the first set
screw you can feel it with your fingers
now let's able to adjust by itself into
the correct location and then retighten
the set screws
we're going to use a ratchet just a
little bit not too much
I don't want attention it to
over-tighten
now we need to adjust these chain mounts
to the correct height you can see it
this one is falling down a little bit
bring it up and if it still seems to be
on the bottom on the angle down they did
mistake being the chain and wrap it
around the other side of the aisle and
make it a little higher I'm just going
to move that much and fasten it all the
way Technic all the screws let's do the
other same thing to the other side
you can see it's going up a little bit
too much so we want to bring this down
as much as we can that looks good
you